Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- This is Natalia!
- Hi!
[Natalia Grace] Previously
on Good American Family...
[Kristine Barnett]
Natalia! Stop!
[horn honking]
You giving me back too?
This family. we love
unconditionally.
She tried to kill our boys.
I'm not sticking around so
she can succeed next time.
This interview is
very important.
And if this goes well. I think the
whole family's gonna come back.
I don't want them to come
back. I want them to die.
[Kristine] Michael!
You do realize I
didn't fall. right?
She tried to kill me.
[Michael Barnett] I'm
so sorry I doubted you.
You were right.
She's a frickin' psycho.
[shouting]
We received a complaint
from a neighbor.
Our adopted daughter.
she's an adult.
She's impersonating a child.
And if this is the version of the
story that you're going to tell.
make sure everyone around
you is telling it. too.
Or it might come
back to bite you.
[Detective Taylor] There's a legal
process to correct someone's birth date.
[Kristine] It's official now.
You're gonna have to
start living on your own.
As an adult.
The court allows some
adults with disabilities
to have legal guardians. so
we've decided to do that.
[Michael] So even though
you'll live on your own.
we'll make sure rent and bills get
paid and we'll check up on you.
I know this must
be overwhelming.
You've been telling
this lie a long time.
If anyone asks. you can
tell them you look young
but you're actually an adult.
No more tricks. No
more little kid act.
You're 22 years old
It's right there
in black and white.
[door closes]
[Detective Drysdale] You
ready to get started again?
Give it another go?
Hello?
[♪ dramatic music playing]
- You there?
- [Natalia] Fine.
But are we almost done
here? I wanna go home.
[Drysdale] That
kinda depends on you.
What you have to say.
Okay. fine.
Let's do this.
[Drysdale clears throat]
This is part number two. a
continuation of the interview
- with Natalia Grace Barnett.
- [pen clicking]
[Natalia] It was
November 2013.
like a year and a half after
Kristine and Michael kicked me out.
So. what was it like for you
living with the Barnetts?
- Were you happy there?
- [sighs]
The food was good.
they had video games.
Okay. but then you
stopped living with them.
How come?
Well. I was hiding knives.
You were hiding knives?
Mm-hmm.
In the fridge. under my bed.
[Drysdale] And where did
you get these knives?
Uh. you keep knives
in the kitchen.
And did you ever threaten
the Barnetts with the knives?
Um... [clears throat]
I'm not sure.
But I would go crazy sometimes.
I was lashing out. I was
lying. I couldn't be trusted.
What does that even mean.
you were lashing out?
Uh. well. I...
pulled my mom into
an electric fence.
I put poison in her coffee.
Oh. and my brothers. I wanted
to roll them up in a blanket
and bury them in the backyard.
Why'd you wanna roll
them in a blanket?
So they'd stay warm.
[♪ curious. unsettling
music playing]
- [recorder button clicking]
- [sighs] I think we're good.
Okay. This is a disaster.
I thought you said
she wanted to do this.
[speaker] She does. Maybe
it would help if I sat in.
[Drysdale] That's really not how
this is done. You're not related.
[speaker] Do you want
her to talk or not?
[footsteps thudding]
[♪ curious theme music playing]
[flag flapping in breeze]
♪
[bridge cracking]
[engine humming]
[TV static buzzing]
[paper cutting]
[♪ theme music fades out]
[Michael] Try to
keep to yourself.
[Kristine] Don't
bother people. Natalia.
- Stay inside.
- [door closing]
[Natalia] Early 2012. I think.
Mommy?
[Kristine and Michael
chattering indistinctly]
Daddy?
- [footsteps receding]
- [sniffling]
[car door opens. engine revving]
Mommy. Mommy?
Wait.
Mommy?
You guys forgot to
give me my walker.
Mommy. I need my
walker. Wait. stop!
No. Mommy. Daddy. it's
too hurty without it.
Daddy. don't leave me!
Daddy. please don't leave me.
[crying] Daddy.
please don't leave.
[sniffles] Daddy. don't leave.
[♪ pensive music playing]
I wanna go home.
It's not fair.
I said. it's not fair!
[crying] It's not fair.
[grunting]
[screaming] Mama!
[high-pitch ringing]
[♪ music fades out]
- [insects trilling]
- [dog barking]
[grunts]
[barking continues]
Hercules?
[grunting]
Ow. owie. ow.
[wincing]
[Natalia humming]
Ah.
Huh.
[continues humming]
[grunting]
Oh no.
[sighs]
[grunting]
[stomach grumbling]
Oh. be quiet. I'm working on it.
[sighs]
[humming]
[♪ soft music playing]
[grunts]
Okay. give me somethin' good.
Oh. you're kidding me.
I do it. Ow. okay. okay.
[humming]
Uh. no thanks.
[sighs] Okay.
[sighs]
Let's see.
Huh.
Hmm.
Hi.
Ah. [chuckling]
Okay. okay.
- [sighs] Okay.
- [can thudding]
[grunts]
Ah.
[utensils clatter]
Yes.
[grunts]
This makes no sense!
[can thudding]
Oh. what the...?
- [can thudding]
- [scoffs]
- [can opener clattering]
- [sighs]
[announcer] [on TV]
Heaven's prisoner.
[tires screeching on TV]
[channels clicking rapidly]
[Sassy the cat] [on
TV] Chance. calm down.
[Chance the bulldog]
You don't get it. do ya?
The pound is where humans lock you
up when they don't want you anymore.
- [Sassy] Not want me? Impossible.
- Hmm!
[Shadow] Don't listen to him. he's
just making it up to scare you.
[Chance] Oh. yeah? Well.
you two pampered pets
haven't been on the
streets like I have.
I've been to the
pound. remember?
[♪ pensive music playing]
[child] [on TV] I'm
not scared of you!
♪
[noodles crunching]
Come on.
[grunting]
Ow!
[whimpering]
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
[♪ spooky music plays on TV]
- [Homer laughs evilly]
- [Natalia gasps]
[♪ soft. pensive
music continues]
Would you please tell her that
you're not really Santa Claus.
That there actually
is no such person.
[water running]
[faucet squeaks]
[♪ music fades out]
[grunting]
[exhales sharply]
[humming]
[grunting]
Okay.
Come on. Natalia.
Let's do this. Mommy did it.
[grunting]
Why do they make them like this?
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Yes.
[singing] ♪ Baby.
I'm a firework ♪
♪ Come and show 'em
what I'm worth ♪
♪ Make 'em go. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna leave
'em going. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
[grunting. humming]
[gasps]
[sobbing]
[gasping]
[softly] Please help.
Please. I don't know what to do.
Help. Mommy.
Please. Mommy.
I don't know how to
take care of this.
[breathing heavily]
[whimpering]
[grunting] Can somebody help me?
[TV playing]
[dog barking]
[whimpering]
Hello?
[grunting. panting]
[♪ music playing
softly in apartment]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[toilet flushing]
[speaker] Oh. my Lord!
How the heck did
you get in here?
Uh...
[stammering] The door was open.
Well. these
apartments get so hot.
Are... are you okay? Wait.
wh-where's your mama?
Uh... probably at home?
But what do I know?
I-I-I'm 22. I just
look young for my age.
Oh. I. I thought you were. uh...
[laughing] I'm sorry.
Uh...
it's hard to tell.
'cause of your situation.
Uh...
What are you doing then. in my
place. eating my Al-Anon donuts?
- Do I need to call the cops?
- Oh. oh. no. Oh. no.
I-I only had a little. I-I-I
can stick 'em together.
I bet nobody will notice.
See? Good as new!
For Pete's sake. Chill. woman.
I'm not gonna call the cops over
some stinkin' half-price donuts.
But seriously. what-what
are you doing here?
Uh. what-what do you need?
[stammering] Can
I use your phone?
I just moved in. I
don't have one yet.
I need to call my mom. I need
to tell her I. I hurt my hand.
You don't have a cell?
[chuckles nervously] Darn
thing broke. wouldn't you know?
[sighs]
Well. okay. Here you go.
Oh. you don't know the number?
See. that's the thing
about these phones.
You kids grew up never having
to learn phone numbers.
- [Natalia chuckles]
- It's crazy.
The whole world's gone mad.
What's your mom's
name? We'll look it up.
Um. Kristine Barnett.
Mm-hmm. Uh. K or C?
K?
- Uh. okay. Um...
- [typing]
Lives in Westfield?
Married to Michael?
Yes. yes. that's
them. that's them!
- Alright. kid. Well. here's the number.
- [Natalia giggling]
Mystery solved.
- Here.
- Thank you. thank you. thank you.
[line ringing]
[Kristine] Hi. you've
reached the Barnetts.
please leave a message for Kris.
- [Michael] Michael.
- [Jacob Barnett] Jake.
- [Wesley Barnett] Wes.
- [Kristine] Or...
- [Ethan Barnett] Ethan.
- [voicemail beeping]
♪ And she's out there
on the dance floor ♪
[JJ] You didn't wanna
leave a message?
I think my mom doesn't wanna
talk to me anymore. so...
Oh. there-there.
there-there. there-there.
You know. I have a daughter.
She's a few years older
than you. and... and. uh...
she's a real F-up. if
you know what I mean.
- Mm.
- That's her son.
It's my grandbaby.
Isn't he handsome?
- [chuckles]
- Anyhoo.
Not that you're asking. but my
advice is. don't let that gap
between you and your mom
get too big. you know?
I mean. because in my
experience. the bigger it gets.
the harder it gets
to fill it. you see?
- Not really.
- [JJ chuckles]
Well. apologizing is hard.
but losing someone you love...
well. that's even harder.
How 'bout I bandage
that hand up for you?
I-I have some gauze
and. and I think I've got
some hydrogen peroxide.
[Natalia] [voice
warbling] I am a robot.
I am a donut-eating robot.
I love donuts!
[giggles]
[host 1] [on TV] I'm just
wild about this blush.
It goes on so easy. No caking!
It really gives you...
[humming into fan]
I'm eating my donut.
[sing-songy] ♪
Hee-ow. that's a TV ♪
[host 2] [on TV] You get to
pick from one of our most...
[Kristine chuckling]
- [Kristine] [on TV] With all kids...
- Mommy?
...there are
challenges. setbacks.
- [fan thudding]
- But regardless of the difficulties
you may face. or if
they're a little different.
every child has a
special gift inside them.
Every child deserves
to be loved.
Now. some kids may be
harder to reach. of course.
But it's always possible. and
that's what my book is about.
How I learned from my
family. my children.
that you never. never
give up on love.
Do you hear me. Natalia?
I would never give up on you.
[host 3] [on TV] You can read all about
it in Kristine Barnett's new book.
The Spark. which is now
available in bookstores
and your local library.
[♪ "Dancing on My
Own" by Robyn playing]
[Natalia] Oh.
Hi. Hi. excuse me.
Hi. um. how do I find a book?
- Kid section's in the back.
- Oh. no. it's not a kid's book.
My mom wrote it.
It... it's about how all
children deserve to be loved.
- It just came out.
- New releases over there.
Okay. and how do I
find it once I...
♪ It's a big black
sky over my town ♪
♪ I know where you at.
I bet she's around ♪
♪
♪ Yeah. I know it's stupid ♪
♪ But I just gotta
see it for myself ♪
♪ I'm in the corner ♪
[Natalia] Fifty Shades of Grey?
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I'm right over here ♪
♪ Why can't you see me ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I'm giving it my all ♪
♪ But I'm not the guy
you're taking home ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
Jake! [giggling excitedly]
Jake.
♪ I keep dancing on my own... ♪
The Spark: A Mother's Story of
Nurturing. Genius and Autism.
by Kristine Barnett.
[chuckles]
Oh.
What the...?
[♪ somber music playing]
[book thudding]
[grunting]
- Hey. hey!
- [alarm blaring]
What's going on?
Here. here! I'm
sorry. I'm sorry!
- Not the pencil. I need the book.
- But I need to read it.
[librarian] Then have your
parents come check it out.
Wait. didn't you say that
your mom wrote this book?
- So. don't you have it at home?
- [stammering] I don't live at home.
I'm 22. I just look
young for my age.
I'm 22. okay?
There's no way that me
and you are the same age.
What year were you born?
♪
Leave me alone!
[librarian groaning]
[alarm blaring]
But I was there when we
opened Jacob's Place.
I hate you!
[sobbing]
[softly] Oh no.
[whispers] Come back.
Come on! Come back.
Please. come back. [crying]
Come back. don't go.
Please don't leave me. I'm
sorry. please don't leave me.
- [lights click]
- [shrieks]
♪
[banging on door]
[Natalia whimpering]
[Michael] Oh!
Dude. it fucking stinks in here.
- Daddy?
- [door closes]
Oh. Daddy. Daddy. I
missed you so much!
I could hug you
forever. [giggles]
- Give me a hug. Daddy.
- Okay. okay. okay. okay. okay.
Natalia. I thought we
said no more funny stuff.
You know you're supposed
to keep to yourself.
- What?
- Did you trick someone in the library
- into calling CPS on us?
- No. no. I-I didn't. I...
Do you know what the
C in CPS stands for?
Because while you. my dear.
might be one type of C.
you are definitely not a child.
What kind of C am I?
Natalia. I am a gentleman.
But let's not pretend you
don't know who you are.
Come on.
Is Mommy here too?
No. the Kristine
is on a book tour.
And honestly. you should
be glad that she is.
because she would be through the roof
if she saw this sty you're living in.
I mean. come on. woman.
Take out the trash every
now and then. you know?
And also. what is
that god-awful smell?
It's like a turd came to
life and died in here.
Oh. probably the fridge.
'cause the power went out.
and then it went all dark
- and everything like that.
- Hm.
So. you did go to the library.
- Yeah. but I-I didn't talk to anybody.
- Mm-hmm.
- I just wanted to read Mommy's book.
You're such a terrible liar.
What the fuck.
Natalia? What is this?
- Is this like a hit list or something?
- No. no. no. I was sad [stammers]
- because you guys left me out of it.
- [phone ringing]
But then I missed you.
so then I tried...
Hi.
Yes. this is... this is he.
Oh great. yeah.
Hold on one second.
Yeah. it is...
account number E85G
as in "girl." 9274.
[Natalia grunting]
[Michael] Yeah. it's
not on yet. it's. um...
Yeah. I-I'm so sorry about that.
It was just a whoopsie. you
know. I forgot about it.
but I paid the late
fee and everything.
Um... no. it is still not on.
- [lights click]
- Oh. there.
Oh. wow. thank you. Daddy!
- [TV playing]
- Okay. Alright. great.
Yeah. that's it.
that's all we need.
Thank you so much. Great. Okay.
Daddy?
[door closes]
Good grief. Natalia.
Have you not cleaned once
since the last time I was here?
You mean. like a minute ago?
[Michael] Let's see how
you're doing on food.
Ooh. it's a little messy
in here too. but...
Huh. Looks like you
got plenty to eat.
You're well taken care of.
Let's check the bathroom.
Okay.
That's shampoo. right? Great.
So. looks like you've
got everything you need.
Right. Natalia?
Oh. yeah. right.
everything I need.
[Michael] Okay. great.
You have some frozen dinners and
you have some milk in those bags.
You can put them in
the fridge if you want.
I'm not opening that. because
that looks really foul. Um...
I don't know. I don't
know what else to say.
I think that's. uh...
that's it. so...
It was good to see you. I guess.
And I'll. I'll just see you later.
- With Mommy?
- Uh. probably not.
But Daddy. please.
Daddy. please wait.
Daddy. Daddy.
In Mommy's book. she-she said
that all kids are special.
So. how come she
left me out of it?
Because you're not a
kid. are you. Natalia?
I know you guys said
that. but I would remember
all the other ages.
right? [stammers]
[Michael] Natalia. you're
not a kid. stop it.
Daddy. please. can I go home
with you? Daddy. please. please.
- No. you cannot.
- I just wanna go home.
- No. you're staying here.
- Daddy. please.
- You're staying here. Natalia.
- I just wanna go home.
- No!
- Daddy. please.
Natalia. don't do that. Don't
do that. that's not fair!
- Natalia. stop!
- But you said.
I remember.
You said you loved me for me.
No matter what.
[deep breaths]
- Do you not love me anymore?
- Natalia.
- Please.
[Michael] Look at
me. Look at me.
You know what Mommy would
say if she was here. right?
She would say. "Clean yourself up. and
get your act together. and behave."
Okay? If you had done
that in the first place.
we wouldn't be here!
[people laughing on TV]
I have to go pick up Ethan
from basketball. okay?
Uh. I can't be late.
[door slamming shut]
[person chatting on TV]
[Natalia] "Everything your father and
I provide you with is a privilege."
[♪ upbeat music playing]
"You have to earn these
privileges with good behavior.
"Every day. you will be
responsible for a set of chores.
♪
"Today is cleaning
the living room.
♪
"Today is cleaning the kitchen.
"Taking out the trash.
♪
"Improving personal hygiene.
[Natalia grunting]
[grunts]
♪
"If you cannot do these things.
there will be no privileges.
"So. it's up to you. Natalia.
"Do you wanna do better or not?
"Because if you don't straighten
up. get your act together.
"there will be no place
for you in this family.
You have to earn our love."
[knocking]
Okay. is JJ home?
- Nana.
- [Natalia] Oh.
Are you here for a play date?
- [Natalia chuckles]
- [JJ] Oh. hush.
Baby. Natalia is 22. she just
looks very young for her age.
Hi. Natalia.
- [giggles] Hi!
- [JJ] Come on. come on in.
- That lipstick looks nice.
- Thank you.
This is Keaton. I was
telling you about.
- He's been staying with me.
- Hi.
[chuckles] Makes me very happy.
- Do you like my mustache?
- [Natalia] Wow.
Do you like mine? Mm.
[laughter]
Okay. Natalia. what do you need?
Because. uh. I'm just
coming off a double shift.
and if I don't meet my bed in the next
three minutes. you don't wanna know.
Okay. well. um. can I
use your phone again?
I need to call my mom.
What kinda person
doesn't have a phone?
Okay. here you go. Alright.
Uh. just go to "Barnett."
I. I saved it for you.
- Really?
- [JJ] Yeah.
Be quick now.
Ooh. my back. ooh.
- [Keaton] You okay?
- Yeah. I just...
- [disconnected tone]
- Want some?
- We're sorry. you have reached...
- Oh. Alright. alright.
- ...a number that has been disconnected...
- I can't resist.
- ...or is no longer in service.
- Thank you.
[JJ] Did you get 'em?
The answering machine didn't ring.
Is that... Is that weird to you?
Oh. no. no. no. Those things
go on the fritz all the time.
Alright. I can't keep my eyes
open. so you be good. puss.
Um. I'll be up in time for
Dancing with the Stars.
Love you.
[Natalia groaning]
Wait. you sure you
can't hang out?
It's so boring here.
I wanna go home!
Me too.
But my mom and me had a fight.
She wants me to get
my act together.
So. that's why I was calling
her. 'cause now I have.
Mm.
- Your hair is weird.
- Oh.
But you're basically okay.
- [giggles]
- I guess.
If her phone's broke. why don't
you just go over there then?
I don't have a car.
My mom doesn't either anymore.
'cause of her license.
- Mm.
- So. we take the bus.
I can show you if you want.
- Really?
- Totes McGotes.
I just have to be back
by 8:00 for my program.
- Okay. Okay. let's go!
- Come on!
[♪ whimsical music playing]
[card reader beeps twice]
Does this bus go to
Williamson Drive?
Yep. I'll give you kids a
holler when we get close.
[laughing] Oh. my God. he
thought you were a kid.
- [both laughing]
- I know. happens all the time.
- So dumb.
- [Keaton laughing]
[Natalia giggling]
Hey. you ever play Mush?
Uh. how do you play?
[Natalia giggling]
The fuck you think
you're doing?!
- Oh. brothers!
- [Keaton] Go! Go!
[passengers chattering]
[Natalia giggling]
Oh. my God. that was insane.
I know. did you see his face?
[both laughing]
So. why is it
called Mush anyway?
I don't know. My
mom taught it to me.
That's just what she calls it.
Which games did you use
to play with your mom?
Well... when I lived with them.
my mom played with
my brothers more.
I was usually in trouble.
- All the time?
- Yeah. basically.
- Your mom sounds mean.
- No.
No. no. she's not.
She's. she's so nice.
I. I was just a bad kid.
I... I didn't behave myself.
You seem okay to me.
[chuckles]
Let's play another game.
Do you like I Spy?
- Do I look like a baby?
- Okay.
You ever play Two
Truths and a Lie?
It's the funnest! You just
come up with two true things
and one lie thing.
and then say them all.
and the other person picks which
one is the lie thing. Got it?
Okay. okay. I got a good one.
I was born in a
different country.
I'm allergic to bananas.
And I'm not really 22.
- Name the lie.
- That's not really how the game works.
My nana already told me how old you
are. so you shouldn't use that one.
Nope! [giggles] The
lie was bananas.
Truth is. I'm only eight.
- Really?
- Hey kids. this is you.
Let's go. [giggling]
[siren blaring in distance]
Which way? Is it close?
- I'm starving.
- Uh...
[Keaton] Whoa. we're lost?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
we're f... We're fine.
We're fine.
[muttering]
- Oh. my God. you freaking moron!
- What? What?
This is North Williamson. Your
stupid stop is South Williamson.
We have to go all the way back.
Ugh. we better get back soon.
or my nana's gonna be mad.
[train horn blaring]
[bus engine revving]
This is so stupid.
[♪ pensive music playing]
That's it.
That's it. that's my house.
Stop! Stop. that's it.
Come on. come on. We're
here. come on. come on.
We have Xbox. Dunkaroos.
and my dad is like.
basically a rock star.
[giggles]
[sing-songy] ♪ You're
gonna love it ♪
Uh. what's up with that?
Your family's moving?
Does this mean no Dunkaroos?
No. no. they're not
moving. they're...
- Uh...
- [door closing]
Hi. excuse me. Miss Val? Hi!
[Valika Weber] What the
hell are you doing here?
Huh? Well. I was looking
for my mom and dad.
Do you know where they are?
Well. I don't think
they consider themselves
your mom and dad. but
I assume Kris and Mike
are halfway to Canada by now.
So. you can drop the
little kid act with me.
Wait. this isn't
your parents' house?
Who's this?
Oh. uh. this is my friend. We...
We are not friends.
She tricked me.
She said if I came to her
parents' house with her.
there would be snacks.
She said she was a kid.
[laughing nervously] What? No!
[stammering] He volunteered.
I-I didn't trick him.
I swear. You-You wanted to!
Holy shit. Thank God I was here.
Hey. sweetie. you poor thing.
You must have been
really scared. huh?
I am so sorry. I'm
gonna make sure
that you get home okay. alright?
Okay.
You know. if you ask me. Kris
was far too Christian with you.
If it were up to me. I
would've let you rot in jail.
[sighs] Come on. sweetheart.
we're gonna figure it out.
It's okay.
[♪ somber music playing]
[Natalia] I know I'm bad.
Wicked. But I don't mean to be.
I don't want to be.
I know you're not supposed
to swear. but I swear.
I swear. I never
meant to hurt anybody.
And I'm so sorry.
Really.
What the hell is wrong with you?
How could you do that to him?
Do you have any idea what
that boy has been through?
I'm sorry. I-I'm so sorry.
Oh. shut up. you twisted fuck.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Natalia] I know I don't
deserve to be forgiven.
but please. please help
me change who I am.
Please. God. please.
Please. please help me be
who they want me to be.
I'll do anything. Please.
I just wanna go home.
I just want my family back.
Please.
Please. please. please.
[Kristine] Natalia.
[birds chirping]
Natalia. wake up.
M-Mommy?
Did you come to get
me? Are we moving?
Well. you are. You got
kicked out of this place.
Let's go.
[♪ somber music playing]
That's your grocery.
There's your school. where
you're gonna get your GED
and finally stop living off us.
So. you'll go to
school. come home.
That's it. No more nonsense.
And here we are.
Home sweet home.
You know. I had to turn around
and come back to Indiana
to bail you out of this mess.
And I had to convince
your neighbor and Val
not to call the cops on
you. not to turn you in.
[Natalia] Thank you.
- Keep moving.
- [Natalia grunting]
- Okay. I'll get it.
- [Natalia] Thank... Thank you.
This is the last time.
I'm not doing this again.
[Natalia grunting]
[keys jingling]
[door slamming shut]
[groceries. keys
thudding on counter]
The next time something
like this happens.
I will tell them all the truth.
That you're an adult.
That you went crazy.
and lashed out.
and threatened my family
with knives. with poison.
with electric fences.
I know you told that
poor boy you were a kid.
and I know you talked
to the librarian.
And maybe you can fool
people for a while.
But the kind of darkness
that's in your soul...
you can't hide that for long.
The next time you lie or
trick innocent people.
you're gonna pay.
- Do you understand that?
- Yeah.
Yes. yes. ma'am.
I'm-I'm-I'm sorry.
I don't want apologies. Natalia.
I wanna know what you
are gonna tell people
when they ask you who you are.
Everything you want.
I'll say that...
I was lashing out.
I go crazy. and I can't.
I can't be trusted.
What else?
What about the poison?
That I wanted to poison you?
What about the blanket?
I don't know. I don't know.
What you told Michael
you wanna do to my boys.
You want to kill them and bury
them outside in a blanket?
Oh. Yeah. th-that's...
that's right.
I-I wanted to kill the boys.
roll them in a blanket.
and bury them outside.
[♪ tense. unsettling
music playing]
- I wish I could believe you.
- No. you can.
You can. I promise you
can believe me. You can.
I-I'll say I'm 22. that I'm a
liar. and I can't be trusted.
- I'll say what you want.
- I want you to say the truth.
And I want you to understand what will
happen if you don't tell the truth.
What'll happen if you lie again!
- [Natalia screaming]
- [spray can hissing]
[sobbing] Mommy!
[Kristine] [echoing]
I'm not your mommy.
- [Natalia whimpering]
- [door closing]
[Natalia] GED personal
essay assignment.
"In Invisible Man. the
main character says.
"'When I discover who
I am. I'll be free.'
"With that in mind.
write about yourself.
Tell us a story of who you are."
[Kristine] [echoing] Nobody
is gonna believe you. Natalia.
[♪ "Dancing On My Own"
by Kidz Bop Kids playing]
♪ Somebody said you
got a new friend ♪
♪ Does she love you
better than I can? ♪
♪ There's a big black
sky over my town ♪
♪ I know where you're
at. I bet she's around ♪
♪ And yeah. I know it's crazy ♪
♪ But I just gotta
see it for myself ♪
♪ I'm in the corner
watching you with her... ♪
[♪ fanfare playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm